Many of Arkansas' rural hospitals often forgo administration of tissue plasminogen activator (tPA), a "clot-busting drug" approved by the FDA for treating acute ischemic stroke, as they lack the expertise of a vascular neurologist to accurately identify and manage tPA candidates. The Arkansas SAVES (Stroke Assistance through Virtual Emergency Support) program has implemented a stroke management system targeting these shortcomings through increasing rural hospitals' access to subspecialty expertise from the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS) via utilization of various telemedicine technologies. A CT scan or MRI of the brain is often needed to quickly determine whether an individual is having an ischemic or hemorrhagic stroke. The challenge is to develop and implement a proper mechanism for transfer of patients' medical images from ad-hoc clinics around the state to UAMS and the management of these images. Therefore, in this paper, we present the Enterprise Image Repository (EIR), a robust, high performance, and modularized web-based medical image management system. EIR implements the Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) communication standard, whereby images can be sent directly from the modalities. EIR can be seamlessly integrated with other Hospital Information Systems (HISs) and Radiology Information Systems (RISs) to provide a smooth workflow for clinicians. EIR adopts a template-based design concept to promote modularity, so that a new subsystem can be easily constructed. EIR implements the Role-based Access Control (RBAC) security model for controlling access to protected elements. EIR has been widely accepted as a cost efficient, yet reliable medical image management system within the UAMS campus. Utilizing EIR in the AR SAVES program extends EIR to a state-wide medical image repository, which allows sharing of critical medical images between unaffiliated emergency departments. With a recent funding award, EIR will be further expanded to be come a state-wide image repository for trauma patients.